Add transcript for episode 41 (#381)
haskellfoundation/haskellfoundation.github.io: podcast/41/transcript.markdown

*MA (0:15:19)*: And even if we look at desktop apps today, you see them having basically a browser in some form of backend that they delegate you. It’s a very popular approach, which I find a bit resource-intensive, but ultimately, businesses pay for solutions not for technical marvels.

*JB (0:15:36)*: That’s unfortunate in a way.

*MA (0:15:37)*: It is. But that’s just the reality. I mean –

*JB (0:15:40)*: Yeah, no, no, it makes sense. 

*MA (0:15:41)*: Ultimately, we want to solve problems and not spend too much money on making these problems. I don’t know ideologically correct or however you’d like to frame that. 

*JB (0:15:50)*: But then even more interesting that you got to do this whole “let’s fix Haskell cross-compilation and use it in our clients’ stuff” because at least from, I guess, our point of view, certainly the technical marvel.

*MA (0:16:01)*: Right. But that only works because we needed to do Windows, and Windows in CI was just so goddamn annoying. If you just can build on Linux, it’s so much easier. 

*JB (0:16:09)*: But that doesn’t justify Haskell yet, does it? I mean, you could cross-compile C to Windows.

*MA (0:16:13)*: Right. Right.

> *JB (0:16:14)*: So there’s still something. We had to convince somebody that Haskell is really more than just technical marvel that nerdy people with math friends, or no, you develop *(0:16:22 unintelligible)*—computer science friends want to do. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*JB (0:16:14)*: So there’s still something. We had to convince somebody that Haskell is really more than just technical marvel that nerdy people with math friends – or no, you were the math person with computer science friends – want to do. 
```
